>> Maximiliano Firtman: So, just a recap,
we are getting into the end.
This was just fundamentals of PHP.
At this point, you can realize
there are much more to see.
There are hundreds of functions there.
Of course,
you won't remember all the functions, but
there are lots to talk about.
There are things that we haven't covered,
traits that's something
new that we have in PHP.
Similar to make sense in other languages,
you have the ability to create namespaces.
That it's not so cool as it sounds,
but yeah, you have it anyway.
And then a lot of libraries,
standard libraries,
to do a lot of stuff that is part of that.
But I think that the whole point of this
course was to give you the basic idea.
So now you can open a PHP file and
you can understand what's going on.
And also the design patterns of
server side rendering with PHP.
If you're going to use WordPress,
for example,
maybe you won't be doing apps
like the ones that we did.
But you know how to
connect to a database now.
You will probably get data,
render the data, do something with that.
Remember that plugins for
WordPress or Joomla needs that.
And now you may be ready to
check one of the frameworks.
I mean, if you want to do Laravel,
CodeIgniter.
You have the basics of the language,
at least, to just start working on it.
So today, we've covered what's PHP,
you know what it is.
You know that it's not a server, and
also it's not creating a server, okay?
She has a script that will be
executed by a URL, by a web server.
Why PHP?
Well, this is an open question,
we don't have an answer, okay.
But we've seen a couple of options
of why PHP is still relevant for
learning these days.
From adding something
new to your curriculum,
to finding a job on the topic
that is being demanded a lot.
Because there are not so
many new developers learning PHP.
To managing WordPress,
to work with Laravel, or
any of these frameworks to cover
most of the basic PHP syntax.
As I mentioned,
there are more things to cover for
an advanced training,
you can learn on how to pass a.
How to create weak reference values
like variables by reference and
not by values, the same for arguments.
So there are other things to cover,
but we've covered the basics.
We've seen there are super global
variables, just GET and POST,
those are the ones that we've covered.
SERVER we used, COOKIE, SESSION and
others, that in case you
are doing server side development
with PHP might become useful.
Saw OOP with PHP, again, not a big deal,
but we created the class, method,
the constructor, we talk about
the destructor, properties and so on.
Working with Data.
We work with JSON, we work literally
with collections and with SQL3.
Remember that working with MySQL is not so
different.
If you already set up your MySQL server,
or Postgre, or whatever other database.
It's just changing some pieces,
but the whole idea is the same.
Then you can talk about performance and
updating data that is just changing
the query with different query and so on.
And then some debugging and
advanced techniques at the end such as
these way to order load file for classes.
That will save your life in
every time you create a class,
you don't need to create an include for
it.
That's just one example that you can use.
Also, bar dump as a way to do debugging.
And remember that using plugins for
VS Code, or
if you're using PHP Storm, or
other IDs that are more PHP focused.
They typically have PHP
debugging included.
With VS Code, you need to use one of
these extensions to use debugging and
typically follow some
instructions on how to set it up.
It's not something that
you get immediately.
I'm talking about adding
breakpoints in VS Code and
then executing line by line and so on.
So, that needs It's a tag
integration with the engine, so
that's why it's not kind
of available by default.
Well, if you don't have any question,
I hope you can start working with PHP and
learn.
And this is like a trigger to learn
more about the language, thank you.
Thank you.
>> Student: Thank you.
>> Students: [APPLAUSE]